# A private conversation

## 第一步 听写
> **Lesson** 1:A private conversation

> First Listen and then answer the question:
Why did the writter complain to the people behind him?

> Last week, I went to the **theatre**, I had a very good seat.The play was very interesting. I didn't enjoy it.
A young man and a young woman **were** **sitting** behind me.They were talking loudly.I got very angry, I could not hear the actors.
I turned round. I looked at the man and the woman **angrily**.
They did not pay any attention.
In the end, I could not **bear it**.
I turned round again, "I can not hear a word!" I said angrily.

> "It's **none** of your business." the young man said **rudely**,"This is a private conversation!"

## 第二步 写错的地方
* 单词拼写错误：Lesson / theatre 
* 过去式错误，were / turned
* 进行时错误：sitting
* 副词错误：angrily / rudely
* 没听出来：bear

## 第三步 重新听写
> Lesson 1: A private conversation

> First Listen and answer the question: Why did the writter complain the people behind him?

> Last week I went to the theatre. I had a very good seat. The play was very interesting. I did not enjoy it. A young man and a young woman were sitting behind me. They were talking loudly. I got very angry. I could not hear the actors. I turned round. I looked at the man and the woman angrily.They did not pay any attention. In the end, I could not bear it.I turned round again."I can't hear a word!" I said angrily.

> "It's none of your business, "The young man said rudely, "This is a private conversation!"

## 第四步 单词语法解析
### go to the theatre
go to the theatre表示去看戏，go to theatre表示去剧院但是不一定看戏。

go to the school表示去学校但是不一定上学，go to school表示上学。

他们两个刚好相反，也不知道英语设计者是什么脑子。

其他不加the的短语有:
* go to bed
* go to church
* go to school

### got angry
got angry，生气

### turn round
转身，等价于turn around

### pay attention
pay attention to doing

例句：

Nowadays, we should pay close attention to the air pollution.

