# Lesson 1
> Last week, I went to the theatre. I **had** a very good seat. The play was very interesting. I did not enjoy it.
A young man and a young woman was sitting behind me. They **were** talking loudly.
I got very angry. I **couldn't** hear the actors.
I turned round. I looked at the young man and the young woman angrily.
But they did not pay any attention.
In the end, I could not bear it.
I turned round again. "I can not hear a word!"I said angrily.
"It is none of your business." the young man said rudely, "This is a private conversation."

## 主要问题
* 时态、单复数：had / were / could

# Lesson 2
It was Sunday. I never get up early on Sundays. I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime.
Last Sunday, I got up very late. I looked out of the window, it was dark outside.
"What a day!"I thought, "It is raining again."
Just then the telephone rang, it was my aunt Lucy.
"I've just arrived by train."she said,"I'm coming to see you."
"But I'm **still** having breakfast." I said.
"What are you doing?"She asked.
"I'm having breakfast."I repeated.
"Dear me!"she said, "Do you always get up so late? It's one o'clock."

## 主要问题
* 少了still

# Lesson 3
Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer I went to Italy.
I visited museums and sat in public gardens.
A friendly waiter tought me a few words of Italian.
**Then** He lent me a book, I read **a** few lines, but I did not understand a word.
Every day I thought about postcards.
The holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends.
On the last day I made a big decisions.
I got up early and bought 37 cards.
I spent **the** whole day in my room, but I didn't write a single card.

## 主要问题
* 问题太多，重写

# Lesson 3
Postcards always spoil my holidays.Last summer I went to Italy.
I visited museums and sat in public gardens.
A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.
Then he lent me a book, I read a few lines, but I didn't understand a word.
Every day I thought about cards.
My holiday passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends.
On the last day, I made a big decision.
I got up early and bought 37 cards.
I spent the whole day in my room but I did not write a single card.
