# Please send me a card

## 一、复习
>It was Sunday. I never get up early on Sundays. I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime.
Last Sunday, I got up very late. I looked out of the window.
It was dark outside. "What a day!"I thought,"It is raining again."
Just then the telephone rang, it was my aunt Lucy.
"I've just arrived by train."She said,"I'm coming to see you."
"but I'm still having breakfast." I said.
"What are you doing?"She asked.
"I'm having breakfast."I repeated.
"Dear me!"She said"Do you always get up so late?It's one o'clock."

## 二、听写
> How many cards did the writter send?

>Postcards always spoil my holidays. Last Summer, I went to Italy.
I visited museums and sat in public gardens.
A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.
Then he lend me a book, I read a few lines,
But I did not understand a word.
Every day I thought about postcards.My holidays passed quickly.
But I did not send cards to my friends.
On the last day, I made a big decision.
I got up early and bought 37 cards.
I spent the whole day in my room.
but I didn't write a single card.

## 三、错误整理
* 介词错误：went to Italy 
* 单词错误：museum / taught / passed / decision
* 过去式错误：sat / spent
* 没听出来：a few words of Italian / I read a few lines

## 四、重新听写
> Postcards always spoli my holidays.
Last summer, I went to Italy.
I visited museums and sat in public gardens.
A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.
Then he lent me a book, I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word.
Every day I thought about postcards.
My holidays passed quickly.
But I didn't send cards to my friends.
On the last day, I made a big decision.
I got up early and bought 37 cards.
I spent the whole day in my room, but I didn't write a single card.

## 五、解析
* friendly - 以-ly结尾，在拼法上与许多副词一样，但它却是形容词
* a few - 后面接复数可数名词
* lend - 用法和send / buy / give 一样。
* think about - 表示一段时间一直在思考某事
* make/take a decision - 做出决定
* spend - 可以花时间也可以花钱

