# 复习第五课
Mr. James Scott has a garage in Silbury and now he has just bought another garage in Pinhurst.
Pinhurst is only 5 miles from Silbury.
But Mr. Scott can not get a telephone for his new garage.
So he has bought 12 pigeons.
Yesterday, a pigeon carried the first message from Pinhurst to Silbury.
The bird covered the distance in 3 minutes.
Up to now, Mr. Scott has sent a great many requests for spare parts
and other urgent messages from one garage to the other.
In this way, he has begun his own private telephone service.

# 错误点
* a great many

# 随机复习：第三课
Postcards always spoil my holidays.
Last Summer I went to Italy.
I visited museums and sat in public gargens.
A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.
Then he lent me a book, I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word.
Every day, I thought about postcards.
My holiday passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends.
On the last day, I made a big decision.
I got up early and bought 37 cards.
I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card.

# 听写
I have just moved to a house in Bridge Street.
Yesterday a beggar knocked at my door.
He asked me for a meal and a glass of beer.
In return for this, the beggar stood on his head and sang songs.
I gave him a meal, he ate the food and drank the beer.
Then he put a piece of cheese into his pocket and went away.
Later, a neighbour told me about him.
"Everybody knows him, his name is Percy Buttons.
He calls at every house in the street once a month and always asks for a meal and a glass of beer."

# 错误
* 单词错误：baggar / cheese / neighbour
* 介词错误：knock at / ask for / call at
* 时态错误：stood / ate / drank / gave

# 重听
I have just moved to a new house in Bridge Street.
Yesterday a beggar knocked at my door.
He asked me for a meal and a glass of beer.
In return for this, the beggar stood on his head and sang a song.
I gave him a meal, he ate the food and drank the beer.
Then he put a piece of cheese into his pocket and went away.
Later, a neighbour told me about him.
Everybody knows him.His name is Perch Buttons.
He calls at every house in the street once a month,
and always asks for a meal and a glass of beer.

* In return for
* gave
