# Lesson 6
I have just moved to a new house in Bridge Street.
Yesterday a beggar knocked at my door.
He asked me for a meal and a glass of beer.
In return for this, he stood on his head and sang a song.
I gave him a meal, he ate the food and drank the beer.
Then he put a piece of cheese into his pocket and went away.
Later, my neighbour told me about him:
Everybody knows him, his name is Perty Buttons, he calls at every house in the Street once a month and always asks for a meal and a glass of beer.

# 错误
* 过去式 - drank / told
* 词语错误 - call at
* 漏了 - once a month

# Lesson 5
Mr.james Scott has a garage in Silbury and now he has just bought another garage in Pinhurst.
Pinhurst is only 5 miles from Silbury.
But Mr.Scott can not get telephone for his new garage.
So he has just bought 12 pigeons.
Yesterday, a pigeon carried the first message from Pinhurst to Silbury.
The bird covered the distance in 3 minutes.
Up to now, Mr.Scott has sent a great many requests for spare parts 
and other urgent messages from one garage to the other.
In this way, Mr.Scott has begun his own private telephone service.

# Lesson 6 复习
I have just moved to a house in Bridge Street.
Yesterday, a beggar knocked at my door, asked me for a meal and a glass of beer.
In return for this, he stood on his head and sang a song.
I gave him a meal, he ate the food the drank the beer.
Then he put a piece of cheese into his pocket and went away.
Later, my neighbour told me about him:
Everyone knows him, his name is Percy Buttons.
He calls at every house in the Street once a month,
and always asks for a meal and a glass of beer.

# 随机复习 Lesson 2
It was sunday. I never get up early on Sundays.
I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime.
Last Sunday, I got up very late.
I looked out the window, It was dark outside.
What a day! - I said - It is raining again.
Just then the telephone rang. 
It was my aunt Lucy.
"I've just arrived by train" she said.
"I'm coming to see you."
"But I'm still having my breakfast" I said.
"What are you doing?" She asked.
"I'm having my breakfast." I repeated.
"Dear me!"She said"Do you always get up so late? It's one o'clock."

