# 2. Breakfast or lunch

## 第一步 复习
> Last week, I went to the theatre. I had a very good seat. The play was very interesting. 
I didn't enjoy it. A young man and a young woman were sitting behind me and talking loudly.
I could not hear the actors. I got very angry. I turned round. 
I looked at them angrily. but they did not pay any attention. 
In the end, I counld not bear it. I turned round again, "I can't hear a word!"I said angrily.
It is none of your business, the young man said rudely, This is a private conversation.

## 第二步 听写
> lesson 2: breakfast or lunch?

>Why ... writter on suprised?

>It was sunday. I never get early on sundays. I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime. 
Last sunday, I got up very late. 
I looked out of the window, It was dark outside.
"what a day!" I thought."it is raining again." 
Just then, the telephone rang, it was my aunt Lucy. "I've just arrived by train" She said, "I'm coming to see you."
"but I'm still having breakfast" I said.
"What are you doing?"She asked.
"I'm having breakfast." I repeated.
"dear me!"She said."Do you always get up so late? It's one o'clock"

## 第三步 错误整理
* 介词错误：on sunday / look out of the window
* 听不出来：stay in bed until
* 单词错误：lunchtime / aunt / coming
* 时态错误：have just arrived

## 第四步 重写
>It was Sunday. I never get up early on Sundays.
I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime.
Last sunday, I got up very late.
I looked out of the window, It was very dark.
"What a day!" I thought, "It is raining again."
just then, the telephone rang, "I've just arrived by train." said aunt Lucy, "I'm coming to see you."
"but I'm still having breakfast" I said.
"What are you doing?"She asked.
"I'm having breakfast." I repeated.
"dear me!"She said"Do you always get up so late? It's one o'clock."

## 第五步 解析



