# Lesson One
Last week, I went to the theatre, I had a very good seat.
The play was very interesting. I did not enjoy it.
A young man and a young woman was sitting behind me.
Thay were talking loudly. I could not hear the actors.
I got very angry.I turned round. 
I looked at the young man and the young woman angrily.
but they did not pay any attention.
In the end, I could not bear it.
I turned round again, "I can not hear a word!"I said angrily.
"It is none of your business."the young man said rudely,
"This is a private conversation."

# Lesson Two
It was Sunday. I never got up early on Sundays.
I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime.
Last sunday, I got up very late.
I looked out of the window, It was dark outside.
What a day! I thought, "It is raining again."
Just then the telephone rang, it was my aunt Lucy.
"I've just arrived by train."She said, "I'm coming to see you."
"But I'm still having my breakfast". I said.
"What are you doing?"She asked.
"I'm having my breakfast" I repeated.
"Dear me! Do you always get up so late? It is one o'clock.

#Lesson Three
Postcards always spoli my holidays.
Last summer, I went to Italy.
I visited museums and sat in public gardens.
A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.
Then he lent me a book, I read a few lines.
But I did not understand a word.
Every day I thought about postcards.
My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends.
On the last holidays, I made a big decision.
I got up early and bought 37 cards.
I spent the whole day in my room.
But I did not write a single card.
