# Lesson 3
Postcards always spoil my holidays.
Last summer I went to Italy.
I visited museums and sat in public gardens.
A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.
Then he lent me a book, I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word.
Every day I thought about postcards.
My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends.
On the last day I made a big decision.
I got up early and bought 37 cards.
I spent the whole day in my room.
But I did not write a single card.

# Lesson 4
I have just received a letter from my brother Tim.
He is in Australia. 
He has been there for 6 months.
Tim is an engineer.He is working for a big firm and he
has already visited a great number of different places in Australia.
He has just bought an Australian car and has gone to Alice Spring, a small town in the center of Australia.
Then he will soon visit Darwin from there, he will fly to Perth.
My brother has never been abroad before, so he is finding this trip very exciting.

## 错误太多，重写第一次
I have just received a letter from my brother, Tim.
He is in Australia, he has been there for 6 months.
Tim is an engineer, he is working for a big firm and he has already visited a great number of different places in Australia.
He has just bought an Australian car and has gone to Alice Spring, a small town in the centre of Australia.
He will soon visit Darwin from there, he will fly to Perth.
My brother has never been abroad before, so he is finding this trip very exciting.

## 错误还是有，继续重写
I have just received a letter from my brother, Tim.
He is in Australia. He has been there for 6 months.
Tim is an engineer, he is working for a big firm and he has already visited
a great number of different places in Australia.
He has just bought an Australian car and has gone to Alice Spring, a small
town in the centre of Australia.
He will soon visit Darwin from there he will fly to Perth.
My brother has never been abroad before, so he is finding this trip very exciting.

## 合格了

















