# 复习
I have just received a letter from my brother, Tim.
He is in Australia. He has been there for 6 months.
Tim is an engineer. He is working for a big firm and he has already 
visited a great number of different places in Australia.
He has just bought an Austrlian car and has gone to Alice Spring, 
a small town in the centre of Australia.
Then he will soon visit Darwin, from there, he will fly to Perth.
My brother has never been abroad before,
so he is finding this trip very exciting.

# 听写
What does no wrong numbers mean?

Ms. Jame Scott has galen? a bury?And now he has just bought another ...
In pain hurst? In her
is only five miles from so bury?
But Ms. Scott can not get his telephone for his new ...
So year just abroad 12 pigeons
Yesteday, a p.. carried the first ... to sell bring.
The bird covered the distance 

# 错误过多，看一遍重听
Mr. Jame Scott has a garage in Silbury.
And now he has just bought another garage in Pinhurst.
Pinhurst is only five miles from Silbury.
But Mr. Scott can not get his telephone for his new garage.
So he has just bought 12 pigeons.
Yesterday a pigenou carried the first message from Pinhurst to Silbury.
The bird covered the distance in 3 minutes.
Up to now, Mr. Scott has send a great many requests for spare parts 
and other urgent messages from one garage to the other.
In this way, he has begun his own private telephone service.

# 错误点
* 单词错误：pigeon / garage
* 搭配错误：from one garage 没有the
* 没听出来：spare parts

# 重听
Mr. James Scott has a garage in Silbury.
And now he has bought another garage in Pinhurst.
Pinhurst is only 5 miles from Silbury.
But Mr. Scott can not get his telephone for his new garage.
So he just bought 12 pigeons.
Yesteday a pigeon carried the first message from Pinhurst to Silbury.
The bird covered the distance in 3 minutes.















































