# Lesson 5
Mr. James Scott has a garage in silbury and now he has bought another garage in Pinhurst.
Pinhurst is only 5 miles from silbury.
But Mr. Scott can not get a telephone for his new garage.
So he had just bought 12 pigeons.
Yesteday, a pigeon carried the first message from Pinburst to Silbury.
The bird covered the distance in 3 minutes.
Up to now, Mr. Scott has sent a great many requests for spare parts and other urgent messages from one garage to the other.
In this way, he has begun his own private telephone serivce.

# Lesson 4
I have just received a letter from my brother, Tim.
He is in Australia, He has been there for 6 months.
Tim is an engineer, he is working for a big firm and he has already visited a great number of different places in Australia.
He has just bought an Australian car and has gone to Alice Spring, a small town in the centre of Australia.
He will soon visit Darwin, from there he will fly to Perth.
He has never been abroad before, he is finding this trip very exciting.

# lesson 5 again
Mr. James Scott has a garage in Silbury and now he has bought another garage in Pinburst.
Pinburst is only 5 miles from Silbury.
But Mr. Scott can not get telephone for his new garage.
So he has just bought 12 pigeons.
Yesteday, a pigeon carried the first message from Pinhurst to Silbury.
The bird covered the distance in 3 minutes.
Up to now, Mr. Scott has sent a great many requests for spare parts and other urgent messages from one garage to the other.
In this way, Mr.Scott has begun his own private telephone services.

#lesson 5 repeat
Mr. James Scott has a garage in Silbury and now he has bought another garage in Pinhurst.
Pinhurst is only 5 miles from Silbury.
But he can not get telephone for his new garage.
So he has bought 12 pigeons.
Yesteday, a pigeon carried the first message from Pinhurst to Silbury.
The bird covered the distance in 3 minutes.
Up to now, Mr. Scott has sent a great number requests for spare parts and other urgent messages from one garage to the other.
In this way, he has begun his own private telephone service.





























